#Getting  and Cleaning Data ProjectThe Project is done in a very simple 5 steps which includes getting data from the source, cleaning it and displaying in a organized manner.1.Read all the files needed to concatenate for the project. Merge columns to  set the dataframe. **rbind()** function is used for merging the data in the project. Set names to the function using **names()** function. The function **read.table()** is used to get the files from the folder to get them cleaned.2.Now in the second step we extract only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement. After extracting the columns with these data sets they are given the names extracting from the feauture.txt.3.Step three, we use activity names to describe the particular activity set. The activity names are taken from the file activity_labels.txt.4.All the column names are corrected in the step.5.we generate a new dataset with all the average measures for each subject and activity type. The output file is called datarefined.txt, and uploaded to this repository.#Variables1.The function read.table() is used to get the tables in to the variables ytest, ytrain,subjecttrain, subjecttest, xtest and xtrain.2.For merging the data into datasets subject, activity and feature variables are used.3.dataFeaturesNames contains the correct names for the subject dataset, which are applied to the column names stored in mean_and_std_features, a numeric vector used to extract the desired data.